{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh5300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
M\
\
Hello Sergey, you haven't been to the university for a long time. Maybe something happened with you?\
\
\
S\
\
Hello, Malik, I\'92m glad to listen you. Unfortunately, I got a coronavirus two weeks ago.\
\
\
M\
\
Oh, it\'92s terrible, my friend, how are you doing?\
\
\
S\
\
it's fine now, only fatigue remains, however a week ago it was worse. \
\
\
M\
\
It's great that you're feeling better. but it seems to me that you can\'92t leave your house and visit the clinic. So how do you communicate with a doctor?\
\
\
S\
\
Oh, is\'92s a beautiful story. Have you ever heard about telemedicine?\
\
\
M\
\
Yes, I've read about it, but I've never come across it.\
\
\
S\
\
This is only my opinion but I think that telemedicine is medical technology that improves people's lives\
\
\
M\
\
Sorry to butt in, but I think that telemedicine is not effective enough, because it's just a conversation with a doctor.\
For me, a common visit to the doctor much more preferable than telemedicine\
\
\
S\
\
I'm sure you misunderstood me. I\'92m trying to say that telemedicine is not only consultation, this is almost a real visit to the doctor.\
The latest scientific achievements are used in telemedicine. I'm talking about the sensors and trackers which I'm wearing. To go further, my pulse, pressure, blood sugar and oxygen levels values send to clinic and my doctor studies them.\
\
\
M\
\
Wow,  it sounds great and useful. I never thought about telemedicine so and you interested me with you experience!\
\
\
S\
\
Oh yes, telemedicine now is one of the best technologies in medicine. Even I, who cannot leave the house, can visit a doctor and monitor my health. Also I listened that doctors improve their work with this technology too, cause it allows doctors to communicate and process various indicators without personal meetings. I strongly recommend you to try it.\
\
\
M\
\
If I had a choice, I\'92ll test this. Thank you for recommendation and get well as soon as possible\
\
\
S\
\
Thanks you my friend, bye!\
}