{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 1. Future Homes
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
S	Hello Malik, nice to meet you. \
\
\
M	Hello, Sergey, nice to meet you too. You look deep in thought.\
\
\
S	\'85 There is one problem that worries me. How do you feel about ways of Future \
homes adapting to a shortage of suitable building land as well as modern \
environmental challenges?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-669\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 M	I've never thought about this question much before, but it seems to me that this problem is important. This is only my opinion, but I believe that skyscrapers will solve the problem of shortage of suitable building land.\
\
S	Perhaps  you\'92re right. But would you agree that future homes should be built using technologies that reduce harm to environmental?\
\
M	It seems to me that this is necessary. But what do you think of skyscrapers? Is it solution of a problem? I\'92d like to hear your opinion.\
\
S	Hmm, it\'92s really interesting idea. Certainly, skyscrapers are great to provide people with housing because they use smaller area than common houses with same human capacity. However, there are a few disadvantages. To go into more detail, i think that living in skyscraper is hard, because your home so big with stores, restaurants, gyms and so on and all this in one building. It seems to me that living in this place is strange, you don\'92t have a full sense of home\'85.\
\
M	
\f0\b Sorry to interrupt
\f1\b0 , but I need to go now. I will be happy to continue this discussion later. Bye.\
\
S	Ok, I\'92ll wait your message. Bye.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 2. Medical technology
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\
M\
\
Hello Sergey, you haven't been to the university for a long time. Maybe something happened with you?\
\
\
S\
\
Hello, Malik, I\'92m glad to listen you. Unfortunately, I got a coronavirus two weeks ago.\
\
\
M\
\
Oh, it\'92s terrible, my friend, how are you doing?\
\
\
S\
\
it's fine now, only fatigue remains, however a week ago it was worse. \
\
\
M\
\
It's great that you're feeling better. but it seems to me that you can\'92t leave your house and visit the clinic. \
So how do you communicate with a doctor?\
\
\
S\
\
Oh, is\'92s a beautiful story. Have you ever heard about telemedicine?\
\
\
M\
\
Yes, I've read about it, but I've never come across it.\
\
\
S\
\
This is only my opinion but I think that telemedicine is medical technology that improves people's lives\
\
\
M\
\
Sorry to butt in, but I think that telemedicine is not effective enough, because it's just a conversation with a doctor.\
For me, a common visit to the doctor much more preferable than telemedicine\
\
\
S\
\
I'm sure you misunderstood me. I\'92m trying to say that telemedicine is not only consultation, this is almost a real visit to the doctor.\
The latest scientific achievements are used in telemedicine. I'm talking about the sensors and trackers which I'm wearing. \
To go further, my pulse, pressure, blood sugar and oxygen levels values send to clinic and my doctor studies them.\
\
\
M\
\
Wow,  it sounds great and useful. I never thought about telemedicine so and you interested me with you experience!\
\
\
S\
\
Oh yes, telemedicine now is one of the best technologies in medicine. Even I, who cannot leave the house, can visit a doctor and monitor my health. \
Also I listened that doctors improve their work with this technology too, cause it allows doctors to \
communicate and process various indicators without personal meetings. I strongly recommend you to try it.\
\
\
M\
\
If I had a choice, I\'92ll test this. Thank you for recommendation and get well as soon as possible\
\
\
S\
\
Thanks you my friend, bye!\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs40 3. Robotics
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S\
\
Hey, Malik, nice to meet you\
\
\
\
M\
\
Hi, Sergey, mee too\
\
\
\
S\
\
You look a little bit confused, isn\'92t it?\
\
\
\
M\
\
Oh, it\'92s all because of the artificial intelligence class, that made me think about the future of our society. \
This is only my opinion, but I think that the development of robots can become a real problem for us\
\
\
\
S\
\
Bro, it\'92s very strange thoughts. It seems to me that robots were invented to solve people\'92s problem and not to create them. \
Do you agree?\
\
\
\
M\
\
Maybe I\'92m not making myself clear. I want to say that there will be problems if they get out of human control\
\
\
\
S\
\
I know it\'92s rude to interrupt, but I think that yesterday you reviewed all parts of the \'abTerminator\'bb and today you are impressed by what you saw\
\
\
\
M\
\
Jokes. Typical for you\
\
\
\
S\
\
Of course. I\'92ve never thought about this question before, but it seems to me that robots are definitely beneficial. To confirm my words, i want to ask you, \
how much have they optimized our lives? You used to do something, but now they do it: cleaning the house, cooking food and so on. \
And artificial intelligence, that scares you, simplifies your searches, queries, training and, for example, \
improves your own safety on the streets and doesn\'92t want to kill you. 
\f0\b That\'92s all
\f1\b0  \'85\
\
\
\
\
Sorry to butt in, but your opinion only confirms that robots and AI affect our lives now and, perhaps, in the future they will control them.\
\
\
\
S\
\
It\'92s hard to predict the future, you know, but it seems to me that everything you said is too pessimistic. \
The reason I believe this is that people involved in development and creation of robots and AI should be smart to prevent such situations\
\
\
\
M\
\
Possibly you\'92re right, but don\'92t forget that any accident or mistake can lead to problems\
\
\
\
S\
\
But you're right about that. How could I forget\'85 You can also watch the \'abMatrix\'bb. Maybe you'll be more scared\
\
\
\
M\
\
Thanks, clown. My homework is waiting for me, bye\
\
\
\
S\
\
Bye, bro, and don\'92t panic like that\
\
\
\
\
\
}