{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red17\green17\blue17;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c8627\c8235\c8235;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What is the best way to receive MBA in Europe?\
\
MBA is one of the most prestigious degrees in higher education. Also It\'92s the most prestigious in business field. To get it, student need to choose right university and right program. And our university from presentation - the ICL - can become one of the cases. Not surprising that the ICL have MBA programs, and here we\'92re wondering how good it is. \
\
From one hand, MBA degree of the ICL is excellent. This have many positive points. The ICL has 4 MBA programs - Executive MBA and MBA full-time, part-time and weekend. But we want to focus on classic MBA. Looking through the program\'92s page on the ICL website, we can make sure that study will be very effective. This program lasts 1 year, but it would be one of the most intensive year in your life. Also it include pre-study modules, as well as core modules such as 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accounting\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Business Economics\
Organisational Behaviour\
Business Problem Solving\
Corporate Finance\
Marketing\
Strategy\
Design Thinking and Innovative Problem Solving\
Decision Analytics\
Innovation and Entrepreneurship\
Investments and Risk Management\
Macroeconomics\
Operations - basic for successful career in business and administration. Moreover, student will receive an opportunity to take a part in studying exchange for learning different modules of another Universities, such as  HEC Paris (top 2 university in MBA EU rating) or Esses Business School (France) and many others. \
\
Furthermore in the MBA of the ICL your study will followed by 40 electives across wide range of topics. Finally there are wide help-options of the university to student. In example, career center will give you personal career consultations as well as your CV to many companies by exclusive HR lines. In addition to this positive, you\'92ll have an option to apply for mentorship from a recent MBA graduate from the start of you study.\
\
\
But what about a dark side of the ICL\'92s MBA? So before apply this, you should know that this University takes only 16 place (according to Financial Times) in EU business schools rating. So we can\'92t say that the MBA of the ICL is or is almost the best in Europe. Also it\'92s very expensive - 63000/year. However, entry requirements also very high. It\'92s 
\f0\fs30 \cf3 \cb4 minimum requirement is a 
\f2\b 2.2 degree
\f0\b0  or approved professional qualification. Besides you must have 3 years of relevant postgraduate work experience and pass a careers interview and an academic interview. Finally you required to have a valid Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT) or Graduate Record Examinations (GRE) score as part of your application (min. 600 for GMAT and 156/verbal and 158/quantitative sections in  GRE). \
\
\
So it\'92s excellent place to get the MBA, but not the best. Students, who interested in, should do research and comparisons, to choose the most relevant University for them.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}