{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh11320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S\
\
Hey, Malik, nice to meet you\
\
\
\
M\
\
Hi, Sergey, mee too\
\
\
\
S\
\
You look a little bit confused, isn\'92t it?\
\
\
\
M\
\
Oh, it\'92s all because of the artificial intelligence class, that made me think about the future of our society. This is only my opinion, but I think that the development of robots can become a real problem for us\
\
\
\
S\
\
Bro, it\'92s very strange thoughts. It seems to me that robots were invented to solve people\'92s problem and not to create them. Do you agree?\
\
\
\
M\
\
Maybe I\'92m not making myself clear. I want to say that there will be problems if they get out of human control\
\
\
\
S\
\
I know it\'92s rude to interrupt, but I think that yesterday you reviewed all parts of the \'abTerminator\'bb and today you are impressed by what you saw\
\
\
\
M\
\
Jokes. Typical for you\
\
\
\
S\
\
Of course. I\'92ve never thought about this question before, but it seems to me that robots are definitely beneficial. To confirm my words, i want to ask you, how much have they optimized our lives? You used to do something, but now they do it: cleaning the house, cooking food and so on. And artificial intelligence, that scares you, simplifies your searches, queries, training and, for example, improves your own safety on the streets and doesn\'92t want to kill you. 
\f1\b That\'92s all
\f0\b0  \'85\
\
\
\
\
Sorry to butt in, but your opinion only confirms that robots and AI affect our lives now and, perhaps, in the future they will control them.\
\
\
\
S\
\
It\'92s hard to predict the future, you know, but it seems to me that everything you said is too pessimistic. The reason I believe this is that people involved in development and creation of robots and AI should be smart to prevent such situations\
\
\
\
M\
\
Possibly you\'92re right, but don\'92t forget that any accident or mistake can lead to problems\
\
\
\
S\
\
But you're right about that. How could I forget\'85 You can also watch the \'abMatrix\'bb. Maybe you'll be more scared\
\
\
\
M\
\
Thanks, clown. My homework is waiting for me, bye\
\
\
\
S\
\
Bye, bro, and don\'92t panic like that\
\
\
\
\
\
}