{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 S	
\fs28 Hello Malik, nice to meet you. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
M	Hello, Sergey, nice to meet you too. You look deep in thought.\
\
\
S	\'85 There is one problem that worries me. How do you feel about ways of Future \
homes adapting to a shortage of suitable building land as well as modern \
environmental challenges?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-669\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 M	I've never thought about this question much before, but it seems to me that this problem is important. This is only my opinion, but I believe that skyscrapers will solve the problem of shortage of suitable building land.\
\
S	Perhaps  you\'92re right. But would you agree that future homes should be built using technologies that reduce harm to environmental?\
\
M	It seems to me that this is necessary. But what do you think of skyscrapers? Is it solution of a problem? I\'92d like to hear your opinion.\
\
S	Hmm, it\'92s really interesting idea. Certainly, skyscrapers are great to provide people with housing because they use smaller area than common houses with same human capacity. However, there are a few disadvantages. To go into more detail, i think that living in skyscraper is hard, because your home so big with stores, restaurants, gyms and so on and all this in one building. It seems to me that living in this place is strange, you don\'92t have a full sense of home\'85.\
\
M	
\f2\b\fs40 Sorry to interrupt
\f1\b0\fs32 , but I need to go now. I will be happy to continue this discussion later. Bye.\
\
S	Ok, I\'92ll wait your message. Bye.\

\f0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}